[3.8] bpo-47138: Fix documentation build by pinning Jinja version to 3.0.3 (#32109)
python/cpython: Doc/requirements.txt

# Sphinx version is pinned so that new versions that introduce new warnings
# won't suddenly cause build failures. Updating the version is fine as long
# as no warnings are raised by doing so.

> sphinx==3.5.4
> # Jinja version is pinned to a version compatible with Sphinx version 3.5.4.
> jinja2==3.0.3

Reviewer: Let's keep the Sphinx and Docutils pins and add a new Jinja2 pin:

```suggestion
sphinx==2.4.4
# Docutils version is pinned to a version compatible with Sphinx
# version 2.4.4. It can be removed after bumping Sphinx version to at
# least 3.5.4.
docutils==0.17.1
# Jinja2 version is pinned to a version compatible with Sphinx version 2.4.4.
jinja2==3.0.3
```

Author: I've updated the commit accordingly.
